Lab1

	* Question 1.
		The minimum points needed to calculate the homography between two images is 4.
		This is because the H matrix has dimensions (3,3) which means it has 9 elements.
		For every corresponding point in the reference view and the image to be projected
		we get two equations. If we then have four points we get a total of eight equations.
		This is enough due to the fact that this is a homogenous equation system we really
		only have eight unknown (we can't determine the scale of the vector - only the
		direction). However because of noise it is recommended that more than four points are
		used. 

	* Question 2.
		From (using eight points in each image):
			Between view 1 and ref. view; average error:  0.30; maximum error:  0.66 
			Between view 2 and ref. view; average error:  0.61; maximum error:  1.66

		To (using the same points):
			Between view 1 and ref. view; average error:  0.30; maximum error:  0.65 
			Between view 2 and ref. view; average error:  0.55; maximum error:  1.59

	* Question 3.
		How can this happen?
			If we provide faulty points there could several minimum points that give the same
			value. Geometrically this means that there are no global minimum value to the 
			equation system. The resulting elipses will infact be a circle where the normal
			is the same as the constraint set on the equation system.

		How can you check that this happend?
			From the answer from the single value decomposition there could be several
			different "best solutions". This is a result of solution that is not unique.
			(Meaning that the second last and the last element in the eigenvalue matrix
			are the same.)
		
	* Question 4.
		In the function to generate the warped image the size of the resulting image is first
		calculated and then a matrix containing all the points in this resulting image is constructed.
		This matrix with all the points is then multiplied with the inverse of the homography. This is 
		because the homography we calculated is (x_ref, y_ref, 1)' = H * (x_i, y_i, 1)' and we know the
		points in the reference (resulting) image. Hence we left multiply by the H inverse on both sides
		and we can then calculate the corresponding coordinate in the image to be projected onto the
		reference image.
		
	* Question 5.
		This is impossible due to how the projection would work. If we expand the image of the
		reference view infinitely there is still no way of projecting images "behind" the origin
		(where z < 0). What this means is that the the maximum field of view is 90 degrees.

		See the hand drawn image for a clearer geometrically representation of the problem.
